Since Cloud9 is native to the AWS ecosystem,
a key benefit is that it easily integrates with
other AWS services and solutions.
Let's take a quick look at some of the things within AWS
that work nicely when paired with Cloud9.
There are advantages of using Cloud9 when working with many AWS services.
Let's take a look at some of the key services that integrate
with Cloud9 well. Lightsail is an AWS service that makes it
really easy to deploy applications in the cloud by using
preconfigured software blueprints.
With Lightsail, you can create applications with preconfigured operating systems,
software stacks, or even preconfigured
applications, such as WordPress or Drupal.
Since Lightsail is so easily to configure to use,
I often like to refer to the service as AWS on training wheels.
CodeStar is another service that enables users the ability to create
and deploy entire applications with just a few clicks. With CodeStar,
applications are created with entire continuous delivery tool chains
automatically. You're probably thinking that Lightsail and CodeStar
sound very similar,
but don't worry, I'll make sure to cover the key differences here shortly.
Lambda is AWS's serverless service. With AWS Lambda, users can
write code to be executed on demand without having to worry
about provisioning any infrastructure.
With AWS Lambda,
you can create Lambda functions by simply uploading your code to
AWS and letting it handle everything required to run and scale
your code with high availability.
And lastly,
CodePipeline is an AWS service that provides a graphical interface
for continuous delivery of your software solutions.
With CodePipeline, users can automate the processes for building,
testing, and releasing their applications in the cloud.
Now that we know what these services look like at a high level,
let's take a deeper look at how Cloud9 specifically can be
leveraged to enhance the usage of these key offerings.
However, before we take a deep dive with these services,
I want to know that this list is not fully exhaustive and that
many other AWS services do work well with Cloud9.
However,
these are just a few key ones that I like to pair together when developing solutions in the cloud.